SoftwareRequirements/Backlog.md, before:


- [ ] Bug: when completed stories are updated from estimation file, they are copied to the to do stories

- [x] As a developer I want to use relative comparison of my tasks to estimate them on a floating point scale.
- [ ] As a developer I want to know how many workdays I need for the remaining tasks based on my recent velocity.
- [ ] As a developer I want to know a (kind of) confidence interval for the remaining workdays. (monte carlo simulation or some formula -> measurement of the probability distribution estimation error?)
- [ ] As a developer I want to know a confidence interval for the completed date of my project. (official and personal holidays, days spend on other activities)
- [ ] As a developer I want to predict confidence intervals for various projects spearately while organizing my tasks together.
- [ ] As a developer I want to see a burn-down chart of the project history showing:
    * the past as a line
    * the future as confidence band
    * at which points tasks have been added, removed (or changed -- difficult to record) in the project plan
- [ ] As a developer I want to see a chart of the time evolution of the confidence band for the predicted completion date.
- [ ] As a developer I want to automatically reformat the planning and estimation files

Commit message:

can generate report with predicted remaining work days

SoftwareRequirements/Backlog.md, after:


- [x] Bug: when completed stories are updated from estimation file, they are copied to the to do stories
- [x] As a developer I want to use relative comparison of my tasks to estimate them on a floating point scale.
- [x] As a developer I want to know how many workdays I need for the remaining tasks based on my recent velocity.
- [ ] As a developer I want to know a predicted completed date of my project. (official and personal holidays, days spend on other activities)
- [ ] As a developer I want to know a (kind of) confidence interval for the remaining workdays. (monte carlo simulation or some formula -> measurement of the probability distribution estimation error?)
- [ ] As a developer I want to know a confidence interval for the completed date of my project. (official and personal holidays, days spend on other activities)
- [ ] As a developer I want to predict completed dates and confidence intervals for various projects spearately while organizing my tasks together.
- [ ] As a developer I want to see a burn-down chart of the project history showing:
    * the past as a line
    * the future as confidence band
    * at which points tasks have been added, removed (or changed -- difficult to record) in the project plan
- [ ] As a developer I want to see a chart of the time evolution of the confidence band for the predicted completion date.
- [ ] As a developer I want to automatically reformat the planning and estimation files
